Expand readme (inspired by server-repo) (#537)
jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast: README.md

> <h1 align="center">Jellyfin Chromecast Client</h1>

Reviewer: Jellyfin Chromecast Web Receiver or Jellyfin Chromecast Receiver App might be better names?

Author: I agree `Jellyfin Chromecast Receiver (app)` would be better suited. But not sure if there is a different name that refers to this repo. Setting it to your suggestion now but i'm open to any suggestions.

<h3 align="center">Part of the <a href="https://jellyfin.org">Jellyfin Project</a></h3>

<p align="center">
<img alt="Logo Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-ux/master/branding/SVG/banner-logo-solid.svg?sanitize=true"/>
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin">
<img alt="GPL 2.0 License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/releases">
<img alt="Current Release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast.svg"/>
</a>
</p>

> Jellyfin chromecast is a receiver used when casting to a google cast capable device. It is automatically used when casting from the jellyfin android client or jellyfin web client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jellyfin Chromecast is a receiver app used when casting to a Google Cast capable device. It is used when casting from the Jellyfin Android client or Jellyfin web client.
```

It's probably also worth noting that the default instance of the app is hosted by Jellyfin.

Author: I've added a seperate "how do i use it". I did notice that the current contributing is not really up to date anymore. Since that refers to editing `jellyfin-web` if you want to host your own version. That's no longer possible since this mr: https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-meta/issues/45

Though I'm uncertain how the workflow should look like now. But that's not an issue for this readme :) I've referred to the contributing.md.

### What does it do?

> As soon as you push the "cast" button on your client this application will start on you cast-capable device & handle it from there.

Reviewer: It would probably be good to provide this link for reference to the overall casting process/architecture: https://developers.google.com/cast/docs/overview

### What doesn't it do?

> Anything related to your non-cast device (e.g. your phone, browser, other device). Any issues/features related to that: check the respective repository.

Reviewer: It would be good to specifically point out that this is not related to clients supporting casting either. i.e. Don't open issues here about the iOS app not supporting casting.

### Something not working right?

> First check if the issue is actually google-cast related. So answer the question:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First check if the issue is actually Google Cast related. So answer the question:
```

> `"Can I reproduce the issue on any other device than a google chromecast?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "Can I reproduce the issue on any other device than a Google Chromecast?"
```

> If yes: Then the issue probably lies somewhere else. If no: Open an <a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast/issues/new/choose">Issue</a> on GitHub.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If yes: The issue probably lies somewhere else.
* If no: [Open an issue here.](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast/issues/new/choose)
```

> <h1 align="center">Jellyfin Chromecast Web Receiver</h1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">Jellyfin Cast Web Receiver</h1>
```

Chromecast is renamed to Google Cast or just Cast these days, so let's use that for the name (even though the repository url still uses the chromecast name)

<h3 align="center">Part of the <a href="https://jellyfin.org">Jellyfin Project</a></h3>

<p align="center">
<img alt="Logo Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-ux/master/branding/SVG/banner-logo-solid.svg?sanitize=true"/>
<br/>
<br/>

> <a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin">

Reviewer 2: Should link to this repo

<img alt="GPL 2.0 License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/releases">
<img alt="Current Release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast.svg"/>
</a>
</p>

> Jellyfin Chromecast is a receiver app used when casting to a Google Cast capable device. It is used when casting from the Jellyfin Android client or Jellyfin web client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Jellyfin cast web receiver is the frontend used when casting to a Google Cast capable device. It is used by default when casting from the Jellyfin Android app or Jellyfin web client.
```

### How do I use it?

A `stable` and `unstable` version of this app are already included in `jellyfin-server`. There is no need to seperately install this project. To host your own version (for developing) see `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

### What does it do?

This is a `web receiver` as defined in the [Google Chromecast architecture](https://developers.google.com/cast/docs/overview).

> As soon as you push the "cast" button on your client this application will start on you cast-capable device & handle it from there. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As soon as you press the "cast" button on your client this application will start on you cast-capable device and handle playback functionality. 
```

### What doesn't it do?

Anything related to your non-cast device (e.g. your phone, browser, other device) or anything about the inclusion of casting for a specific client (e.g. casting from the iOS app).

Any issues/features related to that: check the respective repository.

> ### Something not working right?
> First check if the issue is actually Google Cast related. So answer the question:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Something not working right?

First check if the issue is actually Google Cast related. So answer the question:
```

> `"Can I reproduce the issue on any other device than a Google Chromecast?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`"Can I reproduce the issue on any other device than a Google Chromecast?"`
```

My Android TV contains Chromecast functionality but it is not a Google Chromecast. Not sure how to rephrase it though.

Author: Oof... I see what you mean. Additionally: you can both cast to the android tv and run the android tv jellyfin client. (And only the first one is relevant for this repo). I've changed the wording. But open to other suggestions.

If yes: The issue probably lies somewhere else. 

> If no: Open an <a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast/issues/new/choose">Issue</a> on GitHub.<br/>

Reviewer 2: Use markdown syntax for link

> If no: Open an <a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast/issues/new/choose">Issue</a> on GitHub.<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no: Open an <a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-chromecast/issues/new/choose">Issue</a> on GitHub.
```
